already underway watch out together the
straightaway in Australia when you watch
out at the end is generally Marshall a
little over the place yeah six or seven
maybe eight buggy from that real sure we
got three quarters field outside out
well they'll all over that do Michael
perfect another one look in there you're
gonna other one in front here Cara doing
the shovel clearly she could have the
test right now up front here watch out
up front Marshalls becoming a bang-up
job is where we're gonna call not as
partially novelist could get any better
than this we got a bunch of new folks
out there remember slow is fast which
means easy on the throttle easy off the
problem bunch of you folks yep Joe out
front Colby look into the inside of that
second spot we got one broken bat in the
center watch out over the front here
watchin of the front that one broken up
front here Joe flip it over we got cars
everywhere this is a free-for-all
curling totally later though I believe
leave at the end of the straightaway
they are my shirt Marshalls done a good
job out there thank you guys stay back
on that left side you don't want to get
hit with one of these lucky that's the
best feeling in the world horse will
build a good job right now though it
looks be cool be out front Joe second
Jacob to third Ian Muller in that four
spot coming near Boston six bills have a
couple folks out there though
transponders but that is no k everybody
gets collapse in here in the novice
class no harm no foul Joe do the good
job of checking up try not to kill her
marshals which is what we like to see 4
830 to go Cody by the line in a deep if
spot second time out of the trap wants
to get bunch of new folks out there it's
a bunch that's easiest thing in the
world drive let's get it done kind of
pretty much drive everything will be
over here on the track Jost expected
back in that second spot in in that
search box fourth right now looks to be
Jacob Cody just six pack from Dylan's in
six hospitals right behind him in center
watch out over the triple here watch on
the front gravy I got a whole lot of
others
230 to go